Pull request Lists.md branch Abdullah Choudhry (#108)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/6-Lists.md

you would have to change the type inside the angle brackets to be a ```GOval``` on both ends.

The other drawback is that they don't work directly with primitives like ```int``` and ```double```.

## Understanding ArrayList and Primitive Types

One notable limitation of `ArrayList` is its inability to directly handle primitive data types
such as `int` and `double`.
This is because `ArrayList`, like other collections in Java,

> is designed to work with objects, not primitives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is ***designed to work with objects***, not primitives.
```

To store primitive values in an `ArrayList`, Java provides wrapper classes
(e.g., `Integer` for `int`, `Double` for `double`)
that encapsulate primitive values as objects.

> Java's autoboxing feature automatically converts a primitive value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java's **autoboxing** feature automatically converts a primitive value
```

to its corresponding wrapper class when added to an `ArrayList`.
Conversely, unboxing automatically extracts the primitive value from its wrapper when retrieved.

For example, to store integers in an `ArrayList`, you would declare it as `ArrayList<Integer>`,
and Java takes care of converting `int` values to `Integer` objects upon addition to the list.
This seamless conversion between primitives and their corresponding wrapper classes allows
for the flexible use of collections with primitive types.

### Example Code Demonstrating Autoboxing and Unboxing

> This Java program showcases the automatic conversion between primitive int

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Java program below showcases the automatic conversion between primitive `int`
```

> and Integer objects through autoboxing and unboxing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `Integer` objects through autoboxing and unboxing.
```

> It adds a primitive integer to an ArrayList which gets autoboxed to an integer object,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it adds the `int` to our `list` the `ArrayList` autoboxes it int to an `Integer` object.
```

> it then retrieves it, and converts it back to a primitive int for printing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling `get` on `list` will retrieve it and unbox it back int to the primitive `int`.
```

```java
import java.util.ArrayList;

public class AutoboxingExample {
    public static void main(String[] args) {

>         // Create an ArrayList to store Integer objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Need to specify "Integer" even though we will store values of type int.
```

        ArrayList<Integer> list = new ArrayList<Integer>();

        // Autoboxing: Java compiler automatically converts the primitive int to an Integer object
        int number = 10;
        list.add(number); // 'number' is a primitive int that gets autoboxed to an Integer object

>         // Unboxing: The Integer object is accessed and automatically converted back to a primitive int

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Unboxing: The Integer object in list automatically converted back to a primitive int
```

        int primitiveNumber = list.get(0);

        System.out.println("The number in the list is: " + primitiveNumber);
    }
}
```

> In COMP 55, autoboxing can be useful as it simplifies working with collections like ArrayLists.
> It enhances code readability and efficiency in tasks such as managing GUI components. For example,
> instead of manually converting primitive values into objects,
> autoboxing allows these values to be directly stored and updated in an ArrayList,
> streamlining the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In COMP 55, autoboxing can be useful since it allows us to use lists to store `int`s instead
of having to manage `int`s in primitive arrays, *like we did in COMP 51 and 53*.
It enhances code readability and efficiency in tasks such as managing GUI components.
```
